DOC-3093 Update continuous-delivery-faqs (#1812)
harness/developer-hub: docs/frequently-asked-questions/harness-faqs/continuous-delivery-faqs.md

See [Scale Kubernetes pods](../../continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/kubernetes-executions/scale-kubernetes-replicas.md).

#### Can I prune resources?

> Yes. You can manually delete Kubernetes resources using the [Delete](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/kubernetes-executions/delete-kubernetes-resources) step, but you can also set Harness to perform resource pruning during deployment using the **Enable Kubernetes Pruning** setting in the **Rolling Deployment** and **Stage Deployment** (used in Blue Green deployments) steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. You can manually delete Kubernetes resources using the [Delete](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/kubernetes-executions/delete-kubernetes-resources) step, but you can also set Harness to perform resource pruning during deployment using the **Enable Kubernetes Pruning** setting in the **Rolling Deployment** and **Stage Deployment** (used in blue green deployments) steps.
```

See [Harness Git Experience Quickstart](../../platform/10_Git-Experience/configure-git-experience-for-harness-entities.md).

### Community Edition

> For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, see [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, go to [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).
```

#### Can I upgrade to a paid plan from Harness CD Community Edition?

Yes, you can upgrade from within Harness in **Account Settings** > **Subscriptions** or by contacting [Harness Sales](mailto:sales@harness.io).

#### What data does Community Edition collect?

By default, Harness CD Community Edition shares minor usage details with Harness. These details help us understand and improve how the system behaves in real-world scenarios.

When you install an instance of Harness CD Community Edition, Harness collects the email address used to sign up in Harness, the number of users added to your Harness CD Community Edition, and the number of builds, deployments, and pipelines, and the information described above.

Harness uses this information for sales, support, product updates, security updates, policy updates, and license compliance.

The use of this information is governed by our [Privacy Policy](https://harness.io/privacy).

> If you would like us to stop processing your data, or if you have any other questions or requests concerning your data, please contact the [Harness Privacy Team](mailto:privacy@harness.io). For more information on how we process your data, see our [Privacy Policy](https://harness.io/privacy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like us to stop processing your data, or if you have any other questions or requests concerning your data, please contact the [Harness Privacy Team](mailto:privacy@harness.io). For more information on how we process your data, go to our [Privacy Policy](https://harness.io/privacy).
```

### Azure Web Apps

> For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, see [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, go to [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).
```

#### Can I deploy Azure Web Apps?

> Yes. Harness can deploy a Docker image or non-containerized artifact for your Azure Web App. You can deploy to slots, perform traffic shifting, and swap slots. Harness supports common deployment strategies (Basic, Canary, and Blue Green).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Harness can deploy a Docker image or non-containerized artifact for your Azure Web App. You can deploy to slots, perform traffic shifting, and swap slots. Harness supports common deployment strategies (basic, canary, and blue green).
```

For more information, go to [Azure Web Apps deployments](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/azure/azure-web-apps-tutorial).

#### What deployment strategies are supported?

Basic, canary, and blue green.

> The Rolling strategy doesn't suit Azure Web App deployments as they are use slots for staging and production environments. The Rolling strategy uses a single environment and roll out a new app version incrementally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rolling strategy doesn't suit Azure Web App deployments, as they use slots for staging and production environments. The Rolling strategy uses a single environment and roll out a new app version incrementally.
```

#### What limitations are there?

- App Service on Linux isn't supported on [Shared](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/app-service/plans/) pricing tier.
- You can't mix Windows and Linux apps in the same App Service plan.
- Within the same resource group, you can't mix Windows and Linux apps in the same region.
- Harness uses the Azure SDK among other methods and Authenticated proxy is not supported for Azure SDK. Consequently, you cannot use Azure connections for artifacts, machine images, etc, that require proxy authentication. This is an Azure limitation, not a Harness limitation. This is a known Azure limitation with Java environment properties and their SDK.

### AWS ASG

> For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, see [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, go to [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).
```

#### What is an ASG deployment?

Here's a summary of how Harness deploys new ASG versions:

1. First deployment:
   1. Harness takes the launch template and ASG configuration files you provide and creates a new ASG and its instances in your AWS account and region.
2. Subsequent deployments:
   1. Harness creates a new version of the launch template.

> 3. Har	ness uses the new version of the launch template to update the ASG. For example, if you increased the desired capacity (desiredCapacity) for the ASG in your ASG configuration file, Harness will create a new version of the ASG with the new desired capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Harness uses the new version of the launch template to update the ASG. For example, if you increased the desired capacity (`desiredCapacity`) for the ASG in your ASG configuration file, Harness will create a new version of the ASG with the new desired capacity.
```

   1. Instance refresh is triggered (a rolling replacement of all or some instances in the ASG).

#### What do I need for an ASG deployment?

1. For the Harness ASG service.
   1. Launch template.
   2. ASG configuration.
   3. Scaling policies (optional).
   4. Scheduled update group action (optional).
   5. The AMI image to use for the ASG as an artifact.
2. Harness ASG environment.
   1. AWS region where you want to deploy.
3. Harness ASG pipeline execution.
   1. Deployment strategy (rolling, canary, blue green). Harness automatically creates the steps to deploy the new ASG.

#### What are the ASG deployment limitations?

AWS has the following limitations to keep in mind:

> - You are limited to creating 5000 launch templates per region and 10000 versions per launch template. For more information, go to Launch an instance from a launch template from AWS.

Reviewer: Link missing here?

- ASGs per region: 500.
- Launch configurations per region: 200.

### AWS ECS

> For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, see [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, go to [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).
```

#### What is a Harness ECS deployment?

> You can deploy images to your Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) cluster using a rolling, canary, and blue green deployment strategies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy images to your Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) cluster using rolling, canary, and blue green deployment strategies.
```

Harness supports standard ECS specifications:

* [RegisterTaskDefinition](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/APIReference/API_RegisterTaskDefinition.html)
* [CreateService](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/APIReference/API_CreateService.html)
* [RegisterScalableTarget](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/application/APIReference/API_RegisterScalableTarget.html)
* [PutScalingPolicy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/application/APIReference/API_PutScalingPolicy.html)
* [RunTask](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/APIReference/API_RunTask.html)

#### What file types can I use?

You can use both JSON and YAML for your task and service definitions.

#### Where can Harness pull files from?

- Harness File Store.
- AWS S3 buckets.
- Git providers.

#### Can I perform auto scaling?

> Yes. The ECS service(s) you deploy with Harness can be configured to use AWS Service Auto Scaling to adjust its desired ECS service count up or down in response to CloudWatch alarms. For more information on using Auto Scaling with ECS, see [Target Tracking Scaling Policies](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/service-autoscaling-targettracking.html) from AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. The ECS service(s) you deploy with Harness can be configured to use AWS Service Auto Scaling to adjust its desired ECS service count up or down in response to CloudWatch alarms. For more information on using Auto Scaling with ECS, go to [Target Tracking Scaling Policies](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/service-autoscaling-targettracking.html) from AWS.
```

#### Can I use AWS Service Discovery?

Yes. Harness ECS deployments supports deploying of ECS services with AWS Service Discovery.

AWS Service Discovery is a cloud service provided by AWS that makes it easy for microservices applications to discover and communicate with each other. It enables you to manage and discover the addresses of the services within your microservices application without the need for hard-coded IP addresses or hostnames.

You can use AWS Service Discovery as part of the ECS service definition in Harness.

#### Can I use ECS circuit breaker configurations?

Yes. Harness ECS rolling and canary deployments support AWS ECS circuit breaker configurations.

Circuit breaker configuration is implemented in the Harness ECS service **Service Definition**.

Harness deploys the tasks in the ECS service definition containing the circuit breaker configuration. Once deployed, the circuit breaker is activated.

During failure scenarios, ECS circuit breaker performs a rollback automatically based on the threshold configuration.

### AWS Lambda

> For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, see [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, go to [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).
```

#### What is a Lambda deployment?

> In Harness, you specify the location of the function definition and artifact and AWS account and Harness will deploy the Lambda function and automatically route the traffic from the old version of the Lambda function to the new version on each deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Harness, you specify the location of the function definition, artifact, and AWS account. Harness will deploy the Lambda function and automatically route the traffic from the old version of the Lambda function to the new version on each deployment.
```

In Harness, you use a JSON configuration file to define the AWS Lambda you wish to deploy. This configuration lets you define all the function settings supported by the Create Function API.

The minimal requirements for an AWS Lambda function definition are:

- Function Name (`FunctionName`): A unique name for your Lambda function.
- Runtime (`Runtime`): The programming language and version that your function code is written in. Lambda supports multiple programming languages, including Node.js, Python, Java, C#, and Go.
- Handler (`Handler`): The name of the function within your code that Lambda should call when the function is invoked.
- AWS IAM role (`Role`): The IAM role that the function should use to access other AWS services or resources. You can create an IAM role specifically for the Lambda function, or you can reuse an existing IAM role if it has the necessary permissions.

For a full list of supported fields, go to [AWS Lambda Create Function Request](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/API_CreateFunction.html).

Harness supports all of the popular Git platforms for storing your function definition files.

### Spot Elastigroup

> For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, see [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, go to [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).
```

#### What is a Spot deployment in Harness?

You can deploy AWS ASGs using Harness and the Spot Elastigroup management platform.

#### What are the limitations?

- Currently, Harness integrates with Spot only for Amazon Web Services (AWS) deployments by using Elastigroups.
- Spot Elastigroup deployments support AMI artifacts only.

> - Spot Elastigroup deployments support only Basic, Canary, and Blue Green execution types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Spot Elastigroup deployments support only basic, canary, and blue green execution types.
```

### Google Cloud Functions

> For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, see [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, go to [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).
```

Harness supports deploying Google Functions [1st gen and 2nd gen](https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/serverless/cloud-functions-2nd-generation-now-generally-available).

#### What is the 1st gen support?

Harness supports the following:

- Basic deployments.
  - Harness deploys the new function and terminates the old one by sending 100% of traffic to the new function.
- For rollback, Harness does not perform revision-based rollback. Instead, in case of deployment failure, Harness will take a snapshot of the last known good state of the function and reapply.

#### What is the 2nd gen support?

Harness supports the following:

- Basic, blue green, and canary deployments.
- Harness leverages the Cloud Run revisions capability that Google Cloud offers to configure rollback.

#### What are the limitations?

* For Google Cloud Functions 2nd gen, Harness does not support [Google Cloud Source Repository](https://cloud.google.com/functions/docs/deploy#from-source-repo) at this time. Only Google Cloud Storage is supported.
* For Google Cloud Functions 1st gen, Harness supports both Google Cloud Storage and Google Cloud Source.

### AWS Lambda (Serverless.com Framework)

> For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, see [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, go to [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).
```

#### What is the Serverless.com Framework support?

- Harness supports Serverless framework 1.82 and later.
- Harness supports Serverless framework CLI versions 2.x.x and 3.x.x.
- Harness supports all language runtimes that Serverless supports.
- Harness supports ZIP files and Docker image artifacts only.
  - ZIP files are supported with JFrog Artifactory.
  - Docker images are supported with AWS ECR.

#### How is rollback managed?

In a Serverless CLI rollback (`serverless rollback --timestamp timestamp`), you'd have to manually identify and select the timestamp of the last successful deployment. This can be difficult because you need to know which timestamp to use. With multiple developers deploying, there's the possibility of rolling back to the wrong version.

Harness avoids this issue by automatically identifying the last successful deployment using its timestamp. During the event of a rollback, Harness will automatically rollback to that deployment.

#### How is versioning managed?

Serverless Lambda deployments are versioned using the timestamp of their deployment. This versioning has no relation to the versioning in AWS Lambda.

### Tanzu Application Services (TAS)

> For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, see [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, go to [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).
```

### What is a TAS deployment?

You can deploy an image to your TAS space using a TAS manifest, vars files, and AutoScalar.

#### What are the requirements?

You must install the CF CLI v7, autoscaler, and Create-Service-Push plugins on the Harness delegates that perform deployment.

#### What deployment strategies are supported?

Basic, canary, blue green, and rolling.

### Traditional deployments

> For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, see [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview of Harness' support for platforms, methodologies, and related technologies, go to [Supported platforms and technologies](../../getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies.md).
```
